markdown_synthaxe.md, before:

# La Synthaxe et l'utilisation du Markdown

1. [Block Elements](#1-block-elements)  
   1.1 [Paragraphs and Line Break](#11-paragraphs-and-line-break)  
   1.2 [Headers](#12-headers)  
   1.3 [Blockquotes](#13-blockquotes)  
   1.4 [Lists](#14-lists)  
   1.5 [Code Blocks](#15-code-blocks)  
   1.6 [Horizontal Rules](#16-horizontal-rules)  
2. [Span Elements](#2-span-elements)  
   2.1 [Links](#21-links)  
   2.2 [Emphasis](#22-emphasis)  
   2.3 [Code](#23-code)  
   2.4 [Images](#24-images)
3. [Miscellaneous](#3-miscellaneous)  
   3.1 [Backslash Escapes](#31-backslash-escapes)  
   3.2 [Automatic Links](#32-automatic-links)


## **1. Block Elements**


### **1.1 Paragraphs and Line Break**

A paragraph is simply one or more consecutive lines of text, separated by one or more blank lines. (A blank line is any line that looks like a blank line — a line containing nothing but spaces or tabs is considered blank.) Normal paragraphs should not be indented with spaces or tabs.

The implication of the “one or more consecutive lines of text” rule is that Markdown supports “hard-wrapped” text paragraphs. This differs significantly from most other text-to-HTML formatters (including Movable Type’s “Convert Line Breaks” option) which translate every line break character in a paragraph into a <\br> tag.

When you do want to insert a <\br> break tag using Markdown, you end a line with two or more spaces, then type return.

### **1.2 Headers**

### **1.3 Blockquotes**

### **1.4 Lists**

### **1.5 Code Blocks**

### **1.6 Horizontal Rules**


## **2. Span Elements**


### **2.1 Links**

### **2.2 Emphasis**

### **2.3 Code**

### **2.4 Images**


## **3. Miscellaneous**


### **3.1 Backslash Escapes**

### **3.2 Automatic Links**

Commit message:

make my part of "markdown_syntaxe"

markdown_synthaxe.md, after:

# La Synthaxe et l'utilisation du Markdown

1. [Block Elements](#1-block-elements)  
   1.1 [Paragraphs and Line Break](#11-paragraphs-and-line-break)  
   1.2 [Headers](#12-headers)  
   1.3 [Blockquotes](#13-blockquotes)  
   1.4 [Lists](#14-lists)  
   1.5 [Code Blocks](#15-code-blocks)  
   1.6 [Horizontal Rules](#16-horizontal-rules)  
2. [Span Elements](#2-span-elements)  
   2.1 [Links](#21-links)  
   2.2 [Emphasis](#22-emphasis)  
   2.3 [Code](#23-code)  
   2.4 [Images](#24-images)
3. [Miscellaneous](#3-miscellaneous)  
   3.1 [Backslash Escapes](#31-backslash-escapes)  
   3.2 [Automatic Links](#32-automatic-links)


## **1. Block Elements**


### **1.1 Paragraphs and Line Break**

A paragraph is simply one or more consecutive lines of text, separated by one or more blank lines. (A blank line is any line that looks like a blank line — a line containing nothing but spaces or tabs is considered blank.) Normal paragraphs should not be indented with spaces or tabs.

The implication of the “one or more consecutive lines of text” rule is that Markdown supports “hard-wrapped” text paragraphs. This differs significantly from most other text-to-HTML formatters (including Movable Type’s “Convert Line Breaks” option) which translate every line break character in a paragraph into a <\br> tag.

When you do want to insert a <\br> break tag using Markdown, you end a line with two or more spaces, then type return.

### **1.2 Headers**

### **1.3 Blockquotes**

### **1.4 Lists**

### **1.5 Code Blocks**

### **1.6 Horizontal Rules**

You can produce a horizontal rule tag (<\hr>) by placing three or more hyphens, asterisks, or underscores on a line by themselves. If you wish, you may use spaces between the hyphens or asterisks.

## **2. Span Elements**


### **2.1 Links**

### **2.2 Emphasis**

### **2.3 Code**

### **2.4 Images**


## **3. Miscellaneous**


### **3.1 Backslash Escapes**

Markdown allows you to use backslash escapes to generate literal characters which would otherwise have special meaning in Markdown’s formatting syntax. For example, if you wanted to surround a word with literal asterisks (instead of an HTML <\em> tag), you can use backslashes before the asterisks.

Markdown provides backslash escapes for the following characters:

1. \    backshlass

2. \`   backtick

3. \*   asterisk

4. \_   underscore

5. \{}  curly braces

6. \[]  square brackets

7. \()  parentheses

8. \#   hashtag

9. \+   plus sign

10. \-   minus sign (hyphen)

11. \.   dot

12. \!   exclamation mark

### **3.2 Automatic Links**
